so I got a lot of crap in my
office people give me things and
I collect things and and I don't
know where to put it
the only horizontal space
available is the space in front
of books and so so i guess in
anybody's house they'd be called
tchotchkes but in my office is
cosmic office they're all
cosmically inspired tchotchkes
someone's gave me with this
ribbon on top
dole pineapple cosmic fun shapes
so these are pineapples chunks
each cut out the shape of a moon
star planet and I just thought
to myself yeah universe rocks
because would you put like DNA
shapes you visit cosmic biology
shapes
here's a virus shake here I mean
universe lends itself to this
kind of thing that I've had this
can a little too long
it's starting to bulge so I
think it's time to get rid of
this can have had it for like
years and years and years no
telling what's going on inside
of it
this is like I guess it's
Tabasco sauce but what matters
here is like there's a space
shuttle on it all right and I
don't know how hot the Tabasco
sauce is but they've got a space
shuttle on it and if it's any
temperature as they closely
relates to the temperature of
the exhaust of the space shuttle
then this would vaporize the
bottle itself
I've got these petrushka dolls i
love them i was in Russia
visiting outside of Moscow you
have Star City where that's like
what Houston is to us the the
deceit of their space program
and these all these dolls stack
and unlike so many other
petrushka doll that you might
find they have like faces of
political leaders and people who
sort of come and go in history
and I thought I've got to get
this one because it has Russian
space vehicles
so of course the littlest one is
spotting told the fourth 1957
and then they get bigger and
bigger and bigger and the last
one is the international space
station this is a paperweight
with the logo of NASA on it and
no one under 30 even understand
why paperweights exist and many
of them don't even know what one
is this is cool on this surface
is a blackened circular glass
plate with holes in it
those are constellations light
comes through these holes gets
projected in Reverse back out
through this lens and goes on
the Dome of the planetary this
is one of the lenses of the
original star projector of the
Hayden Planetarium with this is
space food sticks
I don't know what this is made
up but if I'm on earth and I
have access to earth food i'm
not eating space book that's
that's my personal rule i love
just a moment of reaching back
and see what my hands okay when
I got here
ok here we go this is 16 /
circle and soto sextant you cite
the Sun through the filters look
at its altitude with time day
you can triangulate you get
longitude latitude of this one
thing anyone object you're
looking
so I have one just as a reminder
that we didn't always have gps
tell us where grandma